documentation fixes for 2.2.3 (#1740)
invoke-ai/InvokeAI: docs/installation/INSTALL_SOURCE.md

    inflating: invokeAI\readme.txt
    ```

> 3. If you are a Macintosh user, you may need to authorize the InvokeAI
>    installer by opening a terminal window and typing `xcode-select
>    --install`. Alternatively, you may install Xcode thorugh a graphical
>    user interface. Information is available at https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-download-and-install-xcode/
> 
>    If installation fails with an `EnvironmentNameNotFound` error, then
>    you will need to install Xcode!!

Reviewer: This isn't exactly correct, I'll suggest some different verbiage here.
```suggestion
3. If you are a macOS user, you may need to install the Xcode command line tools. 
   These are a set of tools that are needed to run certain applications in a Terminal, 
   including InvokeAI. This package is provided directly by Apple.
   
   To install, open a terminal window and run `xcode-select --install`. You will get
   a macOS system popup guiding you through the install. If you already have them
   installed, you will instead see some output in the Terminal advising you that the 
   tools are already installed.
   
   More information can be found here:
   https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/install-xcode-command-line-tools/
```
